It’s okay to just rest and digest.
Please don’t be hard on yourself. Self-care is community care.
You are loved and your community wants you to be well.
You deserve to be at peace, dear one. 💛🤍💜🖤
You are grateful for another day to make a positive contribution.
You are patient and calm and looking forward to today.
Your gender is valid.
You can be happy and content with your life.
You are able to make smart decisions for yourself.
You have it within you to solve any challenges that occur today.
You have all you need to make today great.
You can feel healthy and strong enough just for today.
You can be grateful for all that you have.
You will be kind to yourself and others today.
You can detach with love from people, places, and things you cannot control.
You don't have to worry about things you cannot control.
You can believe in yourself.
You are becoming more yourself every day.
You are becoming more confident every day.
You are good-looking and your style of gender presentation is needed in this world.
You are in love with yourself and your body.
Your thoughts become your reality.
You can be free of worry and regret.
You are talented and intelligent.
Today is going to be a great day.
You are brave, bold, and beautiful.
You are worthy.
Your possibilities are endless.
You can choose to be happy and love yourself today.
You are doing your best and that is more than enough. You're only responsible for your efforts, not the outcomes.
You do you, boo. Be yourself - you’re pretty cool!
It’s so cool how your existence makes the world so bright.
Life is too hard to also have self-loathing. You are a person deserving love and self-respect.
How will you be kind today?
Don’t beat yourself up, choose kindness.
You are a delight.
You don’t have to advance every moment, you can just relax and rest sometimes.
Breathe, you’ve got this, you’re doing great.
You are a total badass.
You're doing a great job and people like you.
Trying is more than enough.
Take it all one day at a time.
You are significant. You matter.
It’s all okay. :)
What are you grateful for today?
You are wholly embodied.
You can take rest in the tiny moments. Take a breath and feel your connection to the earth.
You trust your body.
It’s never too late to make things right.
You nourish your body.
You will find what you need.
You celebrate your body.
It’s okay to cry. You can do this.
You choose not to make body-based judgments.
You get handsomer/beautifuller/better looking every day.
You work to release your internalized fatphobia.
You can do this. You’ve got this.
You are releasing old patterns of self-hatred.
You are cute AF! Look at yourself!
You are brilliant.
You are developing a healthy relationship with your body, taking good care of your physical vessel.
You are capable.
You are coming to terms with your body as a friend.
You are smart.
You love your body as it is - it got you this far after all!
There is no situation you can’t handle. Even if it is tough, you will get through this.
You accept your body as it is, knowing your gender identity is valid regardless of the parts.
Remember to be kind with yourself.
You choose body neutrality.
Even if things feel out of control, you are managing just fine.
You choose not to hate your body.
You did a good job getting up today. :)
You embrace your body as it is.
Progress is progress! No progress is too small.
You are becoming more yourself each day.
You are enough. You are doing enough.
You revel in living authentically.
Each day you grow, you make a difference, you matter.
You revel in living mindfully.
Small successes add up to bigger ones! Progress not perfection.
You embrace opportunities.
Look at all the progress you’ve made! A bad day has never defeated you.
You are released from self-doubt.
You are needed.
You are released from the expectation of performing.
You are worthy.
You are released from the expectation of disappointment.
You are important.
You are released from the expectation of perfection.
You are lovable and worthy of love.
You allow yourself to make mistakes.
Remember your breath. You can always slow down a moment or decision with a deep breath.
You allow others to change.
You are getting stronger everyday. Keep taking esteemable actions and you’ll be amazed with the progress.
You allow yourself to change.
Self-care is community care. Take care of yourself first so you have something to give to others.
You allow yourself to rest.
Make a list today of things that help. Are you Hungry, Angry, Lonely, or Tired? H.A.L.T. and resolve that first.
You allow yourself to thrive.
You are allowed to ask for help.
You are resilient and good at surviving.
If you have a problem you’re trying to solve today, it’s probably a solved problem! Someone has figured this out before, you can too.
You are a good listener.
You are competent - you can do this.
You celebrate your victories.
You find joy in little things.
If you feel stuck, remember that this too shall pass.
You can define yourself as you go.
Your gender is valid and allowed to change while still being valid.
You are allowed to grow and take time for self discovery.
You can practice progress not perfection to make incremental improvements without getting caught in perfectionism.
You take time to know yourself better.
You can restart your day at any time.
You prioritize your well-being.
Your gender is valid today and you are allowed to change over time.
You place value in protecting yourself.
You create, share, and enforce boundaries.
You have survived every bad day you’ve ever had.
You share your time with people who value it.
You are likeable - what is one thing you like about yourself?
You give advice only when it’s solicited.
You are powerful.
You accept others' vulnerabilities.
You recognize your strengths - take some time to list them mentally or physically today.
You are enough.
You accept your vulnerabilities.
You are capable.
You allow yourself to be known.
You are one of the countless stars - may they illuminate your path with endless marvels.
You treat yourself well.
You will reap this life as bountiful fruit, for no one knows if there will be another.
You treat people well.
You are enough. And nothing and no one can change, add, or take away from your worth.
Your mere existence empowers others.
You can think with your own mind and feed a spirit of inquiry within yourself to see all of your questions answered, their flow neverending.
You are deeply compassionate.
You are empowered, in charge of your life, and your autonomy is unquestioned.
You are deeply kind.
Your sexuality is valid as heck, even if/when it shifts and changes.
You are recognized and loved for who you truly feel you are inside.
You are a force for good.
You can recognize your humanity, and be able to accept its implications with serenity.
You are whole.
You treasure the gift of this precious life.
You appreciate the light in everyone, including yourself.
Your gender is valid as heck, even if/when it shifts and changes.
You are enough.
You can choose to be grateful for the mistakes that made you stronger.
You're allowed to be imperfect. 💜
You are powerful.
You are blessed by the abundance around you.